this war
as a civilian imagine not knowing how to
shoot a gun
challenging the Nazis to save lives I
have just heard an incredible story that
[Applause]
makes your sacrifices completely worth
it
[Music]
123 children their parents were just
killed by Nazis we need to train them to
survive what good does it do to teach
them fear I think it's important to help
the children laugh in the middle of this
world
there's a group in New arming themselves
to fight back we need to find guns we
need to learn how to shoot do you really
think I could help anyone with the gun
of course not your passports are
impressive
look at this Marcel Marceau it's a great
name
welcome to the resistance why are we
sitting a war we can't win we can kill
or the Nazis can kill some or you can
save some lives
[Music]
who wants to take them out to France see
if we can get across the border tell me
where they are
in every generation they rise up against
us
sometimes powerful men sometimes an arm
tries to destroy the Jewish people
but here we are together you are not
alone
what's the best way to resist it's not
to kill them
it's to survive
[Music]
you